Fixed typos and grammar issues (#160)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/reference/clusterspec/proxy.md

* __Type__: object

### __httpProxy__ (required)

> * __Description__: HTTP proxy to use to connect to the internet; must be in the format IP:port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* __Description__: HTTP proxy to use for connecting to the internet; must be in the format IP:port.
```

Reviewer: Similarly for HTTPS
